hey what's going on tony from
learnautobodyandpaint.com and i haven't
been posting videos lately been busy I
had family come in from New York and
Japan and just been you know going crazy
the past couple of weeks but I am back
my little doggy making some noise over
here and show you the bike project that
we're doing and that's going to be
uploaded to the VIP course in just a bit
so let me show you the bike really quick
here it's looking pretty cool looking
completely you know frame off
restoration I just put the motor in
yesterday don't worry because I have
everything on video as far as you know
doing most of the bodywork painting we
did the frame in a black satin all right
so it's not really super shiny but it's
a satin flat black kind of hotrod black
they call it but it's like a satin Sheen
to it so the frame is done up in that I
just put the motor in yesterday and
don't worry like I said it's all
videotaped we did we painted the rims of
two-tone I got rainbow flake in the
silver here I got the new Camaro green
that we did on the rim there we did a
two-tone graphic here on the tank as
well as the back and we put a number on
it now the thing came out awesome you
know it looks really really cool I can't
wait to put it together of course I
still have to put our little gas grip
here all the switches the brake the
front brake got to go on the front
fender the fairings on the front it's
all painted I'll show it to you in the
shop in just a bit it's looking really
cool this is just a dirt but I mean man
it looks awesome we did all of these
pieces here were painted silver rims
were done like I said and then we did
our little graphic here I don't worry I
show you exactly how to do this so if
you want to paint the bike or your car
whatever you're doing I'll show you
exactly how to do it so remember just
check out the VIP course after watching
this video check out
learnautobodyandpaint.com
giving away free 85-page Auto Body
manual as well as a 90 minute Auto Body
DVD so you can bang out any kind of
project that you're working on if it's a
motorcycle
classic refrigerators you want to
restore whatever you're doing I show you
exactly how I do all this and also how
to how to fix the mistakes all right
some things happen when you paint and
you're going to go through some some
hard times but I'll show you exactly how
to fix it and I'm not done with this
tank but you can see that a little bug
flew in it right over here so I made
sure to take most of him out and really
lay the clear coat on this area so this
is going to easily be color sanded and
buffed out and I'm also going to video
this just like all the other projects in
my course we're gonna show you how to
take care of stuff like this also
alright and I did put a silver flake in
here so if you take a look at the paint
job here I don't know if you see it I
don't see it on the camera now but there
is some silver flake in it put the seat
on earlier today and man this thing is
gonna look pretty cool all put together
let me show you the front fairing quick
we walk into the shop here I still got
to put the harness in alright I got the
bike harness I have to wash up put that
in here's my front fender I'm gonna put
this in after I've install the front
brake and here is our front fairing all
painted out ready to go on here are
other pieces that we have to put on as
you can see all of this is being videoed
step-by-step and put into a step-by-step
course to show you exactly how to do
this so you know don't work a front
brake pad here we painted flat black on
caliper I mean all right so that's gonna
go on and I didn't put it on yet because
it's gonna be videoed and let me go
ahead and show you know all painted up
ready to rock and roll
on the bike alright so this is all done
we did the inside like a flat you know
so it's green you know we didn't want to
leave the inside white or primer looking
but
looks awesome it looks awesome I can't
wait to get it together so that was just
a quick overview from the headquarters
thank you for watching the video and I
can't wait to show you this complete
project step-by-step I also put my
signature on the side there looks pretty
cool but you know I may give the tank a
quick color sand and buff you know to
bring it out even more but it looks
pretty pretty cool I think I think
you're gonna like it when it's put
together finally alright so thanks for
watching my videos again check out
learnautobodyandpaint.com right now to
get your free 85 page auto body manual
as well as a 90 minute DVD just help me
with shipping and tell me where to send
it
I'll get it over to you right away Tony
have a great day and keep your eyes open
next week for new videos Cheers